In summary, well I submit to you that networking,
the ability to do Ethernet networking, wired and Wi-Fi,
is an evergreen skill set.
It's one that you'll use throughout your entire career,
regardless of whether you're in academia,
whether you're in corporate business,
whether you're working with mom and pop shops,
networking is ubiquitous, it truly is, because the internet is ubiquitous,
and the need for systems to work together directly in a
private setting is also just as ubiquitous.
So, therefore,
knowing how to configure and troubleshoot Windows 10
networking is an eternally valuable skill for you.
Make sure to invest proper time to understand not only how to go
through the step-by-steps for their own sake,
but what the underlying and background theory is.
Make sure that your understanding of network is broad and deep, okay?
For homework, I would encourage you to do some research on IPv6.
For many reasons, not the least of which that IPv4,
the public address space has been depleted,
IPv6 is slowly becoming the de facto networking protocol for the internet,
and eventually even on-premises.
But there's reasons why it's so slow,
the address format being a big barrier to entry.
Check the exercise files for a couple introductory links on that,
but you definitely want to get comfortable with IPv6 sooner rather than later.
Alrighty, well, that ends this module.
Thanks for your participation.
And in the next module, we're really winding things up in this course series,
aren't we, we'll look at Windows 10 Backup and Recovery. Happy studying.